Support MTL for LSTM and LogisticRegression (#398)
HazyResearch/fonduer: CHANGELOG.rst

Unreleased_
-----------

Added
^^^^^
* `@senwu`_: Add `mode` argument in create_task to support `STL` and `MTL`.

.. note::

>     Fonduer add `mode` argument to support switch betwee different learning mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Fonduer has a new `mode` argument to support switching between different learning modes
```
